= EijiroX

Local Eijiro search engine.

Eijiro is the best English-Japanese dictionary with a million records and counting.

Note: Dictionary is not included (you must buy your own copy of Eijiro)

http://www.eijiro.jp/

== How To Use

On Chrome, install src/ directory as an unpacked extension, then open option page of the extension.

On Opera, install src/config.xml as Opera Unite, then double click the EijiroX icon on Unite App Manager.

At the first use, you must convert dictionary files to the database. 
You need EIJI-***.TXT, WAEI-***.TXT, REIJI***.TXT and RYAKU***.TXT from eijiro.
You can store without all 4 files, but you must have at least one of them (of course).
Click the triangle on the top right corner of the page and choose files, then click "store".
It takes more than 30 minutes, and it's quite heavy, so make sure you have nothing important to do on your computer.


Currently, Opera does not allow creating over 10MB of database.
Therefore, you MUST create the database on Chrome and copy the database to Opera's folder.
On Windows, Chrome's database is located in

 C:\Users\{{USERNAME}}\AppData\Local\Google\Chrome\User Data\Default\databases\chrome-extension_********\

whereas on Mac OS X, it's in

 $HOME/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Default/databases/chrome-extension_********/

The filename is a number like "4". 


Now, please make sure to make a database on Opera first, by the same way as Chrome.
This will create a database file in the Opera Unite folder.

 C:\Users\{{USERNAME}}\AppData\Local\Opera\Opera\widgets\wuid-********\

on Windows, or

 $HOME/Library/Application\ Support/Opera 11/widgets/wuid-********/

on Mac. 
You must go down a folder or two from there to reach the actual database file, but it should be easy to find.

Copy the database file from Chrome's folder, and paste it inside Opera Unite App's folder, 
with the name that you find in Opera Unite App's folder (something like "00000000").

If you don't know which wuid is asigned to EijiroX (you probably don't), look at widgets.dat located in the "widgets" folder.
so open widgets.adr and check EijiroX there.

== Author

Atsushi TAKAYAMA (@edvakf on twitter)

== License

The MIT License

Copyright (c) 2009 Atsushi TAKAYAMA

EijiroX makes use of TinySegmenter (c) 2008 Taku Kudo http://www.chasen.org/~taku/software/TinySegmenter/
